OCPBUGS-37195: Clarify which OADP manifests are for target clusters in IBU docs (#79533)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ztp-image-based-upgrade-installing-oadp.adoc

.Procedure

> . Create the following CRs in the `openshift-adp` namespace on the seed and target clusters, then push the CRs to the `source-crs/custom-crs` directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create the following CRs in the `openshift-adp` namespace for both: the seed and target clusters, then push the CRs to the `source-crs/custom-crs` directory:
```

> . Create the following CRs in the `openshift-adp` namespace for both: the seed and target clusters, then push the CRs to the `source-crs/custom-crs` directory:

Reviewer 2: I don't think there should be a colon here

```suggestion
. Create the following CRs in the `openshift-adp` namespace for both seed and target clusters, then push the CRs to the `source-crs/custom-crs` directory:
```

Author: @opayne1 Thanks, updated! To answer your question, @achuzhoy is the QE reviewing this PR :)

Reviewer 2: Wonderful! Thank you!

[...]
----

> . Create the `DataProtectionApplication` CR and the S3 secret on the target cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create the `DataProtectionApplication` CR and the S3 secret only for the target cluster:
```
